when you're talking about China in the
21st century it's very important
understand that you're not talking about
a failed democracy you're not talking
about a corrupt democracy Communist
China is a country that does not claim
to be a democracy at all and you're now
going to hear this from the government's
own perspective every five years the
Chinese Communist Party Hosie Party
Congress when it clicks the refresh
button on itself be like a new
generation of senior leaders called the
Politburo Standing Committee the last
time this happened was in 2012 let's
face it you hear complaints that the
selection process was too secretive and
involves favoritism but what people
rarely mention is that more than many
other political systems advancement in
the Chinese Communist Party is largely
based on merit to enter the party and
state official system you must pass
China's civil service examine this
levels the playing field social rank
does not affect test scores for more
than a thousand years to serve in the
Chinese government high and lowborn
alike had to pass exams so you notice
what they've done here obviously this is
very carefully crafted intentional
propaganda coming from the communist
government of China they first tell you
that this is concerning the election of
people to the Politburo Standing
Committee where does the word Politburo
come from where does that structure and
tradition of government come from not
ancient China not from 1,000 years ago
not from 5,000 years ago in China comes
from Russia
it comes from Soviet Communism the even
the concept and organization of the
Politburo but that's that's not where
the time of year they don't get into the
question of who votes who elects who
selects others no no your first told
that people are appointed to the
Politburo on the basis of merit and
you're then told this merit is
established through exams and the exams
have no favoritism whatsoever they don't
reflect your class status or any kind of
corruption within the system
and that this tradition of exams goes
back more than a thousand years to some
kind of ancient pre Communist Chinese
tradition so think about the basis for
legitimacy in the Chinese political
system that this video is presenting you
with a modern exams last five hours
includes events mathematics logic verbal
skill and world knowledge so politicians
in China have to write an exam that
lasts for five hours there is no claim
whatsoever that their legitimacy rests
on competitive elections that it rests
on debate cross examination by the
public interviews in the press election
promises there is absolutely no sense in
which they are even pretending that this
is a democratic process in our sense of
the word democracy this is very
important if you're talking about almost
any other rival to American power in the
world right now
for example Russia Russia does claim to
be a legitimate democracy and they may
be a corrupt democracy or a bad
democracy it may be inadequate in
various ways but nevertheless Russia has
elections and has very similar claims to
legitimacy as the United States of
America Cambodia claims to be a
democracy they have elections that are
incredibly corrupt holding perfect
elections but nevertheless though claims
they have elections in a parliament its
horn and so forth China is not playing
that game China is not presenting itself
in theory or in practice as a flawed or
corrupt democracy they're telling you
very clearly their concept of legitimacy
in government is not based on Elections
at all it is not based on voting at all
it is not based on public choice or
politicians promises or the free play of
ideas mutual cross examination criticism
debate discussion at all
if you pass promotion then is based on a
ten tier ranking system on average it
takes twenty to thirty years for an
entry level coup or Foucault civil
servant to become a ghoul or
fool go party or state leader very few
get near the top term limits also keep
new ideas flowing the party's top job is
general secretary for the US Congress
the turnover rate in any given election
is around 10 percent or less one
congressman representative John Dingell
of Michigan got reelected 30 times and
spent 60 years in the House what about
the Communist Party of China the Tanner
rate of the central committee maintained
roughly about 62 percent on average
every five years so this icky turnover
rate is but faster than some of the
democracies around the world so this is
quite a surreal comparison right the
turnover rate in the United States if
someone is not elected again to Congress
it's either because they failed in the
elections the public chose someone else
instead of them or it's because they
retired or they decide to quit politics
and get a different job in the Chinese
system
how can you fake this comparison where
nobody has engaged in competitive
elections nobody is being voted and are
being voted out what does it mean to say
that the turnover rate is different now
it's also really worthwhile to note for
better for worse in terms of real the
real academic study of Chinese politics
how it goes on in universities and in
area tight books by specialists and for
specialists this system of examinations
and the the various ranks of civil
servants that have just been mentioned
the formal on paper criteria for how
people are advanced in the Chinese
system and how sometimes they're
eliminated it is never even discussed
because the whole system is pervasively
corrupt when you talk about civil
servants in China rising to the top the
reasons given in like hardcore political
science analysis of how the how the
system works it's entirely about
favoritism and that favoritism isn't
always on the basis of
financial corruption or economic
corruption it's sometimes like well this
politician was trying to accomplish this
sort of thing and he knew that this guy
would have the skills to achieve that
goal
you know the favoritism is sometimes
well it's transactional but not always
necessarily having to do with the the
paying of bribes and when people pardon
me more people dramatically fall from
power when their careers suddenly end
that's abyss book is all about well yeah
they may have bought their way into
office there's there's a chapter of this
book that's called buying public office
but very often of course they're kicked
out precisely because there is a
corruption scandal their corruption is
exposed their bribe taking is exposed
and so on and so forth so yes especially
under the c Jinping government when cgn
thing first came into power the number
of highly ranked political cadres
important powerful political people who
were eliminated kicked out of their
positions of power and in some cases
sent to prison and in some cases
executed was tremendous there was an
enormous number of people who fell from
power but that's not because they lost
elections that's not because they sat in
front of a camera like this and had a
debate with a journalist or with another
politician of people thought hmmm I
don't like this guy's ideas I think this
other person has other has better ideas
no it's the brutal world of favoritism
and favors given and favors taken within
the Chinese Communist Party it is a
corrupt and corrupting world where
people generally rise to power because
of the corruption and they also fall
from power because encroach as data show
party elections can have busy fact along
with term limits the elections how
promote reform and help ensure new
Chinese leaders rise based more on
performance then on privilege child
arise has attracted global attention and
many have focused on China's economic
model behind these rights which is of
course important
but China's evolving political change
has been somehow ignored by many in fact
without a much fanfare
China has established a system of
meritocracy or what can be described as
selection plus election competent
leaders are selected on the basis of
performance and broad support through
vigorous process of screening opinion
surveys intern evaluations and there is
times of Elections what a careful choice
of phrase that is in the first place
there's a lot of use of passive voice
here leaders are selected selected by
whom well they're not selected from the
bottom up as in a democracy they're not
selected by the people they don't work
for the people right leaders are
selected from above leaders are selected
by other leaders which makes it
fundamentally like an aristocracy I mean
you know hates day but most of the
claims made to meritocracy here could
have been made by kings in medieval
times both in Europe and in China and
indeed the system of writing
examinations as invention going back to
more than a thousand years this goes
back to the Empress foods at Yin in
China
these are feudal methods of power
sharing and of unequally structure of
authority so leader leaders are selected
and then here we have this great phrase
on screen and various types of elections
hmm there is various types I'm a
specialist in political science and to
some extent I'm a specialist in China
now I wouldn't that China is in my top
five area of expertise I guess I'm not
narrowly or exclusively an expert on
China there's a certain kind of bias
that creeps into my own life simply by
virtue of being a specialist and I had a
fan of the channel a supporter wrote in
to me saying that in my videos talking
about Chinese politics I was ignoring
the significance of elections within
China and we both had links I mean he
sent me some likes I sent him some links
somewhere to newspaper
articles Wikipedia when have you
reporting on elections in some sense as
this says here various types of
elections and of course I have this kind
of insiders bias at this political
science specialist pious or what I was
trying to say to the guys look you have
to understand nobody in the field takes
this seriously these elections it's
almost like a translation error there
are elections in China but they are not
elections in our sense of the word at
all and the Chinese government doesn't
even pretend that they are and indeed in
this book this book is entirely about
corruption in China and Chinese politics
in the index to this book there is no
entry for the word elections
there's nothing about elections there's
nothing about voting for any other
country if this were a book on political
corruption in Russia the main topic
conversation might be corruption of
elections right and so on for many
countries around the world to struggle
with having a corrupt democracy China
it's not a corrupt autocracy it has no
pretense to be a democracy at all so
this book is talking about corruption
but this is talking about corruption of
appointed positions and government
people buying positions in government
but they're not buying elections they're
buying what would be hypothetically
meritocratic appointed positions in a
government that both in theory and in
practice is in absolutely no way
democratic became on your pay attention
to the propaganda the structure of
government in China is never once
described here in this propaganda
message it is never once described as
being Russian in origin it's never once
described as being German in origin okay
Karl Marx was German Lenin was Russia
everything about the Chinese system of
government is derivative of European
traditions specifically communist
Marxist Leninist traditions but that's
entirely buried here and we're instead
presented with the fiction that somehow
the Communist Party of China is carrying
on the ancient pre-modern tradition of
Confucius of feudal medieval or
Socratic China and you know what the
irony is maybe it's true maybe they are
maybe in their rejection of democracy
they really are carrying on this more
futile and aristocratic tradition this
is much in line with the Confucian
tradition of meritocracy Oh Oh China is
the first country that invented the
civil service examination system or the
courier system